Added Iframe.md in Tech_Stacks (#59)
learning-software-engineering/learning-software-engineering.github.io: Topics/Tech_Stacks/Iframe.md

# Learning Iframe

## Introduction

> An Iframe is a html element that can let programmer to display a child website inside a parent website. It is supported by many browsers, like chrome, firefox and safari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An iframe is an HTML element used to embed a child website within a parent website. It is supported by most modern browsers, like Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
```

## Why use Iframe

> Sometimes we want to let user to interact with a webpage without open a new webpage tage and redict to it. For example, we want to embed a survey inside a webpage so that the user can conveniently fill out the survey after reading the previous content in this webpage.

Reviewer: Please check for typos and grammatical errors.

"Sometimes we want to let **user to** interact with a webpage **without open a new webpage** **tage** and **redict** to it. For example, we want to embed a survey inside a webpage so that the user can conveniently fill out the survey after reading the previous **content** in this webpage."

> ## How to use Iframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use Iframes
```

> You can add a html element inside your html file following this format <iframe src="some like" title="some title"></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an iframe element inside your HTML file by following this format:
`<iframe src="some like" title="some title"></iframe>`
```

Wrap code snippets with `` to get code formatting. I would also suggest updating the src attribute to an actual URL so it helps the reader understand what it is — "some like" isn't very helpful. Also, please check for typos and grammatical errors.

> There is two important things related to Iframe and I provide instructions about them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two important topics related to Iframes.
```

### Dynamically resizing an iframe based on content

> You can use get the scrollhight of the child website by add a javascript block in the parent html file which contains X.contentWindow.document.body.scrollHeight + 'px';

Reviewer: Lots of typos here. Also, please wrap your code snippets in ``.

- "use get"
- "scrollhight"
- "by add"

After getting the scrollheight of the child website, we can delete the scroll bar of the child website and the whole child webpage will be shown inside the parent website without a scrollbar.

> ### Sending a message from the parent webpage to its child webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending a message from the parent webpage to the child webpage
```

> You can use the postMessgae API to do this. First, you need to get the iframe element in the parent html file and call postMessgae with this element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `postMessage` API to do this. First, you need to get the iframe element in the parent html file and call `postMessage` with this element. 
```

> Then, you need to add an event listener in the child html file and set the correspoing source to the url of the parent website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you need to add an event listener in the child html file and set the correspond source to the url of the parent website.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you provide an example of using the `postMessage` API? I think that would be helpful for readers.
